hi I'm Kayla I'm Betty we're gonna be
doing gymnastics are to Kelsey would be
a late but she's being a brat right now
and at abby taylor to attend to okay
let's start first we're going to start
off we do okay seems you can do that I
zombies oh yeah Ferris last time to do
it and now ready doing around us oh I'm
better off I aren't I guess I can't do
it today through it yeah I'm be doing
run up to watch learn who ever get me
that there are we doing a handstand
okay drill I am here okay oh gosh hang
on i miss them if you don't have nothing
nice to say don't say it at all okay
yeah handler just go back ok now we are
going to be doing
um
we'll go on commercial will be right by
my do